# Nina

## 6F

## 2014 Queen

10/8/2015 Got an email from the new owner saying that she found 4 queen cells yesterday.

11/7/2015 Sold.

7/7/2015 Saw eggs and the queen, the marking has already rubbed off.

27/6/2015 Found the queen and marked her.

23/6/2015 Saw eggs but didn't see the queen.

19/6/2015 Saw eggs but didn't see the queen.  4 seams of bees, perhaps not dwindling.  Put a small swarm/cast (from [Marit]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2015-marit.html)) on to with a Snelgrove board between.  I plan to merge them.

4/6/2015 Saw eggs but didn't see the queen.  Only 3 seams of bees, dwindling?.

23/5/2015 Saw eggs but didn't see the queen.  They are covering 4 frames.

20/5/2015 Saw eggs and a sealed queen cells.  Couldn't find queen.  So split anyway.  There were no queen cells and lots of eggs in the bottom brood box so i assumed that queen was in there.  This was the **bottom brood box**.  The weather wasn't good enough to split them and observe behaviour, so this is a guess.  Left two queen cells on the cull frame in [Sally]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2015-sally.html).

16/5/2015 Saw eggs and a sealed queen cell.  Couldn't find queen.

10/5/2015 The queen cells had been taken down.  Saw eggs but didn't see the queen.  No signs of swarming.  There was some drone comb in the super.  Doh!  I think it was one of the frames from the Demaree method.  I culled that section of comb and packed the super frames a little closer so they can rebuild it.

5/4/2015 One sealed queen cell in the top box, marked with a green pin, then two unsealed on the next frame.  They looked a bit bad and there were no other signs of swarming, so I left them incase it was a supersedure.  Saw eggs but didn't see the queen. Culled some drone comb.

26/4/2015 Lots of brood, possibly running out of laying space.  Didn't see the queen.  It was cool weather so they were a little pissed off.

20/4/2015 Saw eggs and brood.  Found 2 queen cups with eggs in them in the top box, on the face of a couple of brood frames.  Found the queen in the bottom box (there is no room to lay in the top box) and marked her.  She looked large (too large to fly).  Don't know what to make of it.  I took down the two queen cups.  The super isn't getting much used but then there is space in the bottom box that isn't getting used.

18/4/2015 Found 4 charged queen cells, but managed to damage all of them.  Two of the queen cells were between the brood bodies.  The other two were on the face of a frame in the top brood box.  Plenty of brood and food.  Saw eggs but didn't see the queen.  Put on a single super.

10/4/2015 Went to reverse the brood bodies, but there was a lot of brood and eggs in the bottom box.  Maybe 2 frames worth.  Plenty of food and bees.  Maybe add supers?

5/4/2015 Saw some eggs, a few grubs and bit of brood on 3 frames in the top box.  Not much going on in the bottom box except a bit of nectar being gathered.  Didn't see the queen.

25/12/2014 Oxalic acid treatment.  There were 6 seams of bees (big colony) in the middle of the bottom box.  Plenty of weight in the top box.  Put on candy block.

27/9/2014 Added two brood frames to top box then put on the clearer to clear the remaining super.  Lots of bees.

20/8/2014 Removed the MAQS and added another brood frame.

13/8/2014 Put on MAQS between the two brood bodies.

23/7/2014 Lots of eggs, didn't see the queen.  Culled the drone brood from the cull frame.

23/7/2014 Lots of eggs, didn't see the queen.  One charged queen cup (no grub in it) which I took down.  Cull frame not ready to take down, next week perhaps.

17/7/2014 Remarked the queen. Two charged queen cups (no grub in them) which I took down.  Lots of bees.

10/7/2014 Queen still laying so she didn't get damaged last time.  No signs of swarming.  Honey doing ok.

3/7/2014 Took the queen out and put her in a nuc but saw no signs of swarming so put her back.  Did see her directly but there was a clump of bees on the nuc's crown board so I chucked them in.  Next time I'll take out two frames in the hope she will stay between them.

30/6/2014 Saw brood and eggs, but didn't see the queen.  Masses of bees and saw two queen cells, they may be thinking about swarming.

20/6/2014 Nice big, black queen. Marked her white because I don't have a green pen.  Lots of sealed brood needs more laying space.

9/5/2014 Took down a few queen cells and left a single queen cell marked with a green pin.

3/5/2014 Queen cells so I marked two with pins, original queen ([Wilma](https://docs.google.com/a/bagbatch.co.uk/document/d/100vy5MFKM0ScugkTWCJPCfPTtuVxQ6RGi68Cbuwh2Iw/)) removed to one side.
