# Dina

## 8F

## White 2016 Queen

2017-08-06 Culled the queen and united the bees with [Sarah]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2017-sarah.html).

2017-07-23 Seem pissed off.  Only three frames of bees.  Supers light.  Queen present and laying.

2017-07-17 Saw the queen, saw eggs and brood.  One of the supers is heavy.

2017-07-08 No pollen coming in.  Saw the queen, saw eggs and brood.  No stores.

2017-07-01 Saw the queen, she is laying and there is brood.  Not much though.

2017-06-19 Saw the queen and she is already laying eggs.  Put on a super to clear.

2017-06-18 Ha!  The queen swarmed today and fell on the ground because she is clipped.  I picked her up off the floor and chucked her in another hive and left her in place.  The other frames must have a queen cell on which I missed yesterday.  I moved these cells to one side and put it on another stand.  This new colony will be [Trisha]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2017-trisha.html) and will need checking for queen cells.

2017-06-17 Saw eggs, saw grubs, saw the queen and no signs of swarming.  Culled the drone comb.  Took two frame of brood and put them in  [Yolanda]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2017-yolanda.html) to test for a queen.  There are a lot of bees perhaps I should bleed some off.  Maybe when  [Yolanda]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2017-yolanda.html) is mated.

2017-06-09 Saw eggs, saw grubs, saw the queen but no signs of swarming.  Seven seams of bees.  The drone comb should be ready to cull next week.

2017-06-03 Saw eggs, saw the queen, some cups but no signs of swarming.  About 7 seams of bees.

2017-05-27 Saw eggs, saw the queen, some cups but no signs of swarming.

2017-05-22 Removed the supers and put on a feeder.  They were a bit followy again, but the are a bit confused and I took the honey.  Maybe they'll settle.

2017-05-21 Put on clearer boards so I can remove the supers.  They were a bit followy.

2017-05-18 Saw the queen and eggs.   Lots of flying bees so I swapped position with [Yolanda]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2017-yolanda.html) so bleed off the flying bees.  This is now the bee supply hive for [Yolanda]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2017-yolanda.html).

2017-05-12  Saw eggs and three sealed queen cells, so I artificially swarmed them, leaving the queen in place and removing the brood to the South and named

2017-05-10  Busy, saw eggs and saw the queen.  There were two queen cells charged with jelly on the bottom of frame four from the North.  I figure they are probably going to be making more swarm preparations shortly.

2017-05-04 Busy, both supers have nectar in them.  Didn't see the queen but saw eggs and grubs.  Put another brood box under the current brood box to give the brood nest more space.  Slightly more feisty (more buzzing) that [Andrea]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2017-andrea.html), but not terribly so.

2017-04-28 Very busy so I took out the entrance block and put on another super.  Saw eggs and grubs.  Found the queen on the 2nd frame from the North (marked with yellow disk 73).  Some queen cups but none were charged.  They were quieter on the frame than the other hive.

2017-04-18 Very busy there are drones with more drone cells on the way.  Didn't see the queen but saw eggs.  Removed feeder.  All the brood frame were covered so I added a super.

2017-03-31 Moved into my boxes.   Saw eggs, didn't see the queen, couple of frames of honey.  Will feed anyway.

2017-03-27 Brought over by Charles in the morning.
