# Rita

## 11 F

## 2023 Queen

2023-07-22 Sold.

2023-07-19 Squeezed down into one brood box for sale.  The frames went to [Rebecca]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2023-rebecca.html).

2023-07-17 Moved to near [Rebecca]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2023-rebecca.html) to reduce the flying bees.  The flying bees should go to [Yvette]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2022-yvette.html) .

2023-07-13 Cleared and removed the supers and put on a feeder to see if they would be less grumpy.

2023-07-09 Eggs, grubs didn't see the queen.  No signs of swarming.  We have spare colonies now so this one is no longer needed.  I put on a clearer board to clear the top super to make it easier to prepare for selling this colony.

2023-07-01 Eggs, grubs didn't see the queen.  No signs of swarming.  Plenty of space.

2023-06-22 Saw grubs, eggs and the queen so we marked her.  No signs of swarming.  The laying pattern is erratic and there is more drone than I expected and not that much worker brood.  It doesn't feel right.  Maybe I should just leave them to settle down.

2023-06-16 Saw grubs and eggs, didn't see the queen. No signs of swarming.  There is a big patch of drone comb on one of the frames in the top brood box.

2023-06-10 Saw grubs and eggs, didn't see the queen. There is a lot of brood and they were making queen cups so I configured it as a double brood using a brood box from [Yasmin]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2022-yasmin.html).  We did this as a sandwich merge, during the day.  [Yasmin]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2022-yasmin.html) is to be sold and there were too many bees to fit into one brood box.

2023-06-06  Saw grubs but didn't see the queen. Took off 3 supers, the last one off was already down to 16% water.

2023-06-04 Put on a clearer board to clear 2 supers, this doesn't leave much space to I put on another super, so there are 5 in total.

2023-05-07 Culled down to one queen cell on the bottom of the 5th frame from the south.  Marked with a green pin.  Lots of bees so I added two supers.

2023-04-29 Made up with 11 frames of brood from [Yasmin]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2022-yasmin.html).
