# Gwen

## 11 F + 2 S

## 2024 Queenless?

2024-08-09 No signs of a queen.  Merged with [Gail]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2024-gail.html) so they can be treated with ApiGuard.

2024-08-02 No signs of a queen.  Though they appear less fractious.  They don't really need the supers and if I am going to merge them it would be better if the supers were out of the way so I put a clearer board on to clear them both.

2024-07-27 No signs of a queen. The cell that I left last time was broken open at the side.  They seemed a bit pissed off to me.  There are empty cells.  Possibly queenless?  If there are no signs of a queen next week I think I should merge them with the better of the swarms.

2024-07-14 Saw grubs and sealed brood but didn't see eggs or the queen.  There were some sealed queen cells in a cluster of one of the frames and a few on the edges.  I took down all the queen cells except one on the north side of the centre frame, also marked with a white pin.  There were plenty of bees so I left the supers on.

2024-07-07 Saw eggs, grubs and sealed brood.  Didn't see the queen.  Not really laying that well, but is is busy so I put on another super.

2024-06-30 Took off a super.  Moisture content 15.5 %.

2024-06-19 Saw eggs, grubs and sealed brood.  Saw the queen and marked her yellow.  She is quite small and has small wings.  The top super could be removed soon.

2024-06-14 Saw eggs, grubs and sealed brood.  Didn't see the queen.

2024-06-03 Took off a super.  Moisture content 18 %.

2024-06-01 Put on a clearer board to clear one super.

2024-05-11 Culled down to one emergency cell on the furthest north frame marked with a blue pin.  I damaged a lot of the queen cells by moving the frames.  I should move to 10 frames and a dummy board.

2024-05-04 Created with brood frames from [Regina]({{ site.baseurl }}/queens/2023-regina.html).
